Update ZE API README (#3596)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer-api/README.md

[![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@zowe/zowe-explorer-api)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@zowe/zowe-explorer-api)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@zowe/zowe-explorer-api)](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@zowe/zowe-explorer-api)

Extensibility API for Zowe Explorer is a collection of APIs that can be used to extend the [Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode) VS Code extension with alternative z/OS interaction protocols and new capabilities. These capabilities include but are not limited to tree view management, Zowe profiles and security assistance, VS Code UI and logging utilities geared towards use in and with Zowe Explorer.

The following kinds of extensions can be certified as compliant for Zowe Explorer. Check out the [v3 Conformance Program](https://openmainframeproject.org/our-projects/zowe-conformance-program/) for the specific criteria.

> Extension offerings need to comply with the General extension category along with at least one, but not limited to, of the other following categories.

Reviewer: Since we're saying "at least," there's no need to say "but not limited to."

Author: updated in commit https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3596/commits/57af139bc463b10a71cb9b4d0288f0d839e78696

> 1. General extension. A generic VS Code extension that utilizes Zowe Explorer resources in any way.

Reviewer: Should there be a colon after "General extension"? All the other items on the list have colons.

Author: updated in commit https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3596/commits/57af139bc463b10a71cb9b4d0288f0d839e78696

> 1. General extension. A generic VS Code extension that utilizes Zowe Explorer resources in any way.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we should define what a general extension is before mentioning it and listing the other categories? Otherwise it's not clear what the "General extension" category is until after reading the sentence "Extension offerings need to comply with..." and the list thereafter.

Author: since they are referring to compliance categories/requirements maybe it could be something like
`General requirements` and the others are pretty explanatory as they don't mention extension but the types of additions to be labeled compliant.

> 1. General requirements: VS Code extensions that utilizes Zowe Explorer resources in any way must meet all general requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. General requirements: VS Code extensions that utilize Zowe Explorer resources in any way must meet all general requirements.
```

> 1. Profiles access: An extension that accesses the Zowe Explorer Zowe CLI profiles caches for read or write operations.

Reviewer: "profiles" is a possessive so it should have an apostrophe: " ... Zowe CLI profiles' caches for ... "

Author: that raises a question I had while going over all of these docs.  with more client products using this profile management should it be referred to as Zowe client profiles vs Zowe CLI profiles?

Reviewer 3: I think we're talking about caches of profiles, so not possessive, but maybe there's a clearer way to say this.

Reviewer 2: Technically Zowe Explorer owns and maintains the profiles cache, so I would consider it possessive. Maybe we can omit Zowe CLI entirely and rephrase for clarity:

```suggestion
1. Leverage team configuration: An extension that accesses Zowe Explorer's profile cache to utilize or manage profiles.
```

"Leverage team configuration" may be a bit wordy here, but the text after the colon seems more accurate for team config use cases.

> 1. Data Provider: An extension that provides an alternative Zowe CLI profile type for a different z/OS communication protocol for one or more Zowe Explorer views.

Reviewer 2: Can probably remove Zowe CLI here, as profile types are not specific to the CLI:

```suggestion
1. Data Provider: An extension that provides an alternative profile type for a different z/OS communication protocol for one or more Zowe Explorer views.
```

> 1. Menus: An extension that injects new menus into the existing Zowe Explorer tree views accessing contextual information from the tree nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Menus: An extension that contributes menus to Zowe Explorer tree views and/or accesses contextual information from the trees.
```

Examples of extenders of the Zowe Explorer VS Code extension include the [IBM z/OS FTP for Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/tree/main/packages/zowe-explorer-ftp-extension) and [IBM CICS for Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/tree/main/packages/vsce) VS Code extension, as well as several commercial extensions.

> More information about extending Zowe Explorer via the Extensibility API for Zowe Explorer check out our wiki page [Extending Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/wiki/Extending-Zowe-Explorer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about extending Zowe Explorer via the Extensibility API for Zowe Explorer, check out the [Extending Zowe Explorer](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/wiki/Extending-Zowe-Explorer) wiki page.
```
